welcome to slash forward
this week we're going to add our first
vampire movies to the series starting
with 1992's bram stoker's dracula
if you're someone who's constantly horny
for the taste of blood consider
subscribing to the channel let's get to
it
we opened in 1462 during the fall of
constantinople
signified by this architectural breast
as the invading forces entered europe
the task of repulsion fell squarely on
the shoulders of the romanian knight
draculia
the only one skilled enough to do
something about it so he suited up in
his
muscle armor and fought a long and
dramatically lit battle
while he was busy crushing it on the
battlefield some turds sent a phony
notice of his death to the castle
prompting the love of his life
eliazabeta to take a ride on the lazy
river naturally he became upset by this
and with some novel witchcraft turned on
the god who had forsaken him this led to
a final vow of eternal vengeance which
was the practice of the time flash
forward to victorian london where ya boy
jonathan harper was just given the old
dracula account all he's got to do is
close the deals make those bags and try
in whatever way he can to affect
a british accent yes of course sir oh
sweetie he bids farewell to his fiance
mina who
looks familiar and embarks on what
proves to be a treacherous journey
through a wolf stand and rings a fire
but he arrives safely and meets the
count a congenial old chap with a major
butt
cut which he tries hard not to stare at
as he's a proud and sensitive old man
the count's explosive anger subsides
when he catches a glimpse of mina's
daguerreotype
recognizing now that destiny is shown
upon him and although their initial
transaction
seems to proceed smoothly enough he
insists on j-dog preparing to drag this
process out for the next month or so
back in london we see mina journaling
and planning for her wedding night
oh disgusting that's sex baby
and we meet our well-traveled friend
lucy we also meet renfield jonathan's
predecessor who went crazy in the
presence of dracula and now finds
himself in a cozy victorian asylum
in transylvania dracula drops in on
jonathan while he's busy manscaping
takes a little lickety-lick and upon
receiving the letters he requested from
harker rewards him with a tender lineup
on his beard
based on the count's creepy behavior in
the request of the content of the
letters
jonathan recognizes himself to be a
prisoner of the castle
he opts to make the most of it by
exploring various rooms
some filled apparently with mist and
maidens
his victorian courtship has him so hard
up he doesn't even mind when they start
chewing on him dracula breaks it up
claiming harker's fate for himself
and offers his harpies a consolation
baby instead
dracula begins his journey to london on
a ship filled with boxes of
transylvanian soil while
in london lucy chooses her suitor and
dances whimsically in a spring rain
the poor tent of doom ushering in the
front edge of the storm that follows the
ship to its dock
as things boil over renfield riles the
asylum into a frenzy over the impending
arrival of the master
pretty much as soon as he docks he calls
out to lucy giving her his beastly gift
but then withering at the thought of
mina seeing him in his unwaxed form
the ladies then brush this off as a
dream and vow to cut back on their
absinthe-fueled slumber parties
now feeling virile and refreshed the
count going by the name vlad takes to
the streets of london and begins his
seduction
mina is initially impervious to his
charms but a subtle strategy of simping
has her apologizing to him before long
meanwhile lucy confides in her doctor
and former suitor that she's undergoing
changes
he hits her with that sweet morphine and
then calls in van helsing for a
consultation
while that's going on vlad puts the
final touches on his day date taking in
a movie
doing some wolf charming and then
delivering her home vowing to drink her
up another day
in transylvania jonathan is plotting his
escape but the first task is to escape
the clutches of the hags who
suck him just dry enough each day to
keep him weak at about this time van
helsing finally arrives in london
and immediately diagnoses their
potential vampire problem calling for a
rushed experimental blood transfusion
afterward these men of science try to
make sense of lucy's inexplicable
significant blood loss
ignoring the evidence so plainly laid in
front of their eyes
something just went up there sucked it
out of her and flew away i suppose
yeah right as all this comes to a head a
weakened blood shy johnny escapes the
castle through the power of love
sets out across the lush vineyards and
eventually arrives at a nunnery where he
sends from mina so they can have a
transylvanian elopement
mina goes to inform lucy of her
departure and meets van helsing who
partakes freely of her musk
she bids a dude lucy who suffocated by
her nighttime garlic reveals herself to
the men
and tries to take a bite out of simple
quincy this additional development
causes van helsing to recognize this as
the work of not a mere vampire but
of his arch nemesis count dracula
himself and as mina leaves and the count
wallows in his anguish
van helsing laughs at the sorrows of his
enemy like a stone
cold [ __ ] while mina has her dream
wedding in a romanian convent
dracula calls on the children of the
night and takes consolation in his own
way
upon our couple's return they learn of
lucy's supposed death but van helsing
shows them what actually happens to
those who have been tainted with this
blood illness
they arrive and find the mausoleum empty
but are joined shortly by lucy with a
late night snack
she's forced back into her tomb and van
helsing instructs them on the proper
method for killing a vampire with
jonathan present they now have the
advantage of knowing vlad's address
as the gang breaks in to sanitize the
earth and get to doing some guy stuff
dracula slips into the nearby asylum and
gets to doing some man stuff
cucking jonathan for all eternity he has
some momentary doubts about damning his
love to the same wretched fate but finds
that she eagerly and willfully gets to
gobbling up his little red chest
rivulets the men
interrupt them and he turns into a king
rat before scurrying off
recognizing the mental link between them
van helsing hypnotizes mina to discover
that dracula is heading home via ship
so they plan on cutting him off before
he arrives and regains his full power
splitting up to avoid giving away their
full plan via mina's mind link
before long they find themselves in a
race to stop the count from reaching his
castle after sunset while mino works a
strange magic on the men to aid her
lover
despite this they managed to stick him
real good but mina holds them off
allowing the new couple to retire to his
quarters here he's restored momentarily
via the power of love and then she helps
him find eternal peace
well that certainly was a horny ass
movie i wanted to start here to set it
as a standard bearer on friday we'll
take a look at a non-standard
interpretation of the vampire subgenre
if you enjoyed the video
i'd love for you to become a part of the
channel by subscribing thanks for
[Music]
watching